# Homework 10-2: AsyncTask and AsyncTaskLoader

Reference from [Android fundamentals 07.2: AsyncTask and AsyncTaskLoader](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/android-training-asynctask-asynctaskloader/index.html?index=..%2F..%2Fandroid-training)

## Answer These Questions

### Question 1

What permissions does your app need to connect to the internet?

- `android.permission.INTERNET`

### Question 2

How does your app check that internet connectivity is available?

In the manifest:

- request `ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE` permission

In the code:

- Use `ConnectivityManager` to check for an active network before connecting to the network.

### Question 3

Where do you implement the loader callback method that's triggered when the loader finishes executing its task?

- In the `Activity` that displays the results of the task. The `Activity` must implement `LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks`.

### Question 4

When the user rotates the device, how do `AsyncTask` and `AsyncTaskLoader` behave differently if they are in the process of running a task in the background?

- A running AsyncTask becomes disconnected from the activity, but keeps running. A running AsyncTaskLoader automatically reconnects to the activity after the device rotation. The activity displays the results.

### Question 5

How do you initialize an `AsyncTaskLoader` to perform steps, such as initializing variables, that must be done before the loader starts performing its background task?

- In the `Activity`, implement `initLoader()` to initialize the loader.

### Question 6

What methods must an `AsyncTaskLoader` implement?

- `onCreateLoader()`
- `onLoadFinished()`
- `onLoaderReset()`
